okay yeah I'm back now since I'm going
to be doing this master plan there's a
lot of you out there probably want it
you know join in now if you have to eat
something okay don't why aren't eating
unhappy because that defeat the purpose
i think i'm just going to tap like maybe
one fourth cup if I need pumpkin see
okay you don't have to get this brand
you can get a brand at the health food
store it doesn't have a lot of salt ok
this one has nine hundred and 40
milligrams of salt and that wouldn't be
good for people with high blood pressure
okay so I don't eat the whole thing i
crack it and then I take the seat on the
inside not the outside is edible you can
try that I don't care for in it so my
husband bought me this and I said you
know what I can eat one or two or three
or four and then I'm fine okay so it's
not really heavy on the stomach actually
it's good for parasite here on it so i
think i'm gonna tomorrow or maybe after
the Sabbath hi to mom go find a pumpkin
a large pumpkin and take the seeds those
pumpkin and clean up real good and then
what you want to do after you clean it
up soaking in water and let it swell up
and then once you let it swell up you
place it on the pan okay and let it bake
bake to its
look something like this and then you
have your own pumpkin seed you'll have
to worry about going to hear find
something like these is okay and more
about the salt so i just took mines out
of the pack because once you open it you
have to seal it because it become stale
so I just put it in one of these
containers and I didn't get it my dad's
if I'm reading or doing some of whatever
you can do it that way so I'm excited
I'm drinking my water and I just want my
body my intestines to do what it's
supposed to do yeah we put so much in
our bodies y'all we eat so much and not
going to the bathroom where we should
and if that sits in hard bodies oh oh
the toxin that's going into our blood
it's not a good thing and it sets up
diseases so we can change in our diet a
little bit wean ourselves off list of
processed food we don't have to do any
of those things so I'm going to
that's to curve the hunger okay curly
appetite yeah so from here nails and
beauty tips I just wanted to come in the
channel if you decide to eat something
and you don't know what to eat if you
don't want to eat a salad like us like I
said I really don't feel like eating
anything heavy the only time you should
be eating it's when you feel that hunger
pain I mean really feel hungry sometimes
we can trip ourselves and online saying
okay I'm hungry when you don't throw
that hunger pain if you don't feel that
hunger pain tell me
you